Today I met a master.
Why don't you say anything?
The premise of dedication is equality.
You want others to give
You yourself do not give
What? Are you a thug?
Unfortunately someone else did
Because you don't want to give
Don't come to our demonic sect.
Our sect only recruits good people.
Let me be brief.
Everyone must study hard.
Read many good books
Don't be fooled
You let people give.
Neither is good.
That is not called dedication.
That is called death.
So you say.
Why are you a good person?
Listen, I'm famous.
I am a good person.
Is there anything wrong?
You, you are reversing black and white.
Nonsense.
so angry
I am a good person.
I am the good person.
Everybody.
Is there anything wrong?
Okay, she considers herself a good person.
Our demonic rule is given first.
I will not give.
Or did you dedicate your life to me?
Wait until I finish studying and I will return it to you.
You think I'm stupid.
You look stupid.
You must not insult others.
Mr. Ngo said go.
You look like a dog.
Are you a man or a dog?
Go away, go away, master.
I tell you.
Our leader is really good.
Our leader kills people without blinking an eye.
Our leader was killed three days and three nights ago.
I tell you.
You're done, but I want to ask.
You said your leader kills people without blinking an eye.
Kill 3 days.
Is this eye dry?
Hand up knife fall
Does this hand cramp?
I said he killed for three days and three nights.
You ask him if his eyes are dry?
Hand up knife fall
You asked if my hand had cramps?
Uncle.
"Who dares to indulge in my evil cult"...